# GRAPHICS::CREATE_CHECKPOINT

## Summary
Creates a race checkpoint.

## Parameters
* **CHECKPOINT_TYPE** checkpointType
* **FLOAT** scrVecPositionX
* **FLOAT** scrVecPositionY
* **FLOAT** scrVecPositionZ
* **FLOAT** scrVecPointAtX
* **FLOAT** scrVecPointAtY
* **FLOAT** scrVecPointAtZ
* **FLOAT** size
* **INT** colR = 255
* **INT** colG = 100
* **INT** colB = 0
* **INT** colA = 100
* **INT** num = 0

## Returns
* **CHECKPOINT_INDEX**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
If the checkpoint is a chevron then it will point towards scrVecPointAt. If it's a flag then scrVecPointAt will be ignored.

Creates a checkpoint. Returns the handle of the checkpoint.

20/03/17 : Attention, checkpoints are already handled by the game itself, so you must not loop it like markers.

Parameters:
* type - The type of checkpoint to create. See below for a list of checkpoint types.
* pos1 - The position of the checkpoint.
* pos2 - The position of the next checkpoint to point to.
* radius - The radius of the checkpoint.
* color - The color of the checkpoint.
* reserved - Special parameter, see below for details. Usually set to 0 in the scripts.

Checkpoint types:
0-4---------Cylinder: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker
5-9---------Cylinder: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker
10-14-------Ring: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker
15-19-------1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker      
20-24-------Cylinder: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker 
25-29-------Cylinder: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker    
30-34-------Cylinder: 1 arrow, 2 arrow, 3 arrows, CycleArrow, Checker 
35-38-------Ring: Airplane Up, Left, Right, UpsideDown
39----------?
40----------Ring: just a ring
41----------?
42-44-------Cylinder w/ number (uses 'reserved' parameter)
45-47-------Cylinder no arrow or number

If using type 42-44, reserved sets number / number and shape to display

0-99------------Just numbers (0-99)
100-109-----------------Arrow (0-9)
110-119------------Two arrows (0-9)
120-129----------Three arrows (0-9)
130-139----------------Circle (0-9)
140-149------------CycleArrow (0-9)
150-159----------------Circle (0-9)
160-169----Circle  w/ pointer (0-9)
170-179-------Perforated ring (0-9)
180-189----------------Sphere (0-9)