# MISC::CREATE_INCIDENT_WITH_ENTITY

## Parameters
* **DISPATCH_TYPE** dispatchType
* **ENTITY_INDEX** entity: Index is where the cops will be dispatched to
* **INT** numUnits:
Is the number of units to be dispatched, - in the case of Police automobile this is the number of peds rather than vehiles, e.g.
4 is 2 cars of 2
* **FLOAT** time: If this is > 0.0 the incident will be removed after that time, otherwise it lasts indefinately
* **INCIDENT_INDEX\*** incident
* **INT** overrideRelGroupHash = 0: Will set this relationship group on every ped created as part of this incident dispatch (only works on DT_BikerBackup at present)
* **ASSASSIN_LEVEL** assassinsLevel = 0:
Denotes which level backup will be created.
Peds have different stats in each level.
- returns true if succesful

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Creates an incident and returns an index, requests a set number of units

As for the 'police' incident, it will call police cars to you, but unlike PedsInCavalcades & Merryweather they won't start shooting at you unless you shoot first or shoot at them. The top 2 however seem to cancel theirselves if there is noone dead around you or a fire. I only figured them out as I found out the 3rd param is definately the amountOfPeople and they called incident 3 in scripts with 4 people (which the firetruck has) and incident 5 with 2 people (which the ambulence has). The 4 param I cant say is radius, but for the pedsInCavalcades and Merryweather R* uses 0.0f and for the top 3 (Emergency Services) they use 3.0f. 

Side Note: It seems calling the pedsInCavalcades or Merryweather then removing it seems to break you from calling the EmergencyEvents and I also believe pedsInCavalcades. (The V cavalcades of course not IV).

Side Note 2: I say it breaks as if you call this proper,
if(CREATE_INCIDENT) etc it will return false if you do as I said above.
=====================================================

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2802   |0x7AD51726D7DA42BD|
|2699   |0x5D5732191056751C|
|2612   |0x5D5732191056751C|
|2545   |0x5D5732191056751C|
|2372   |0x1F3EE1342053D674|
|2189   |0x0322544DA3EE9C90|
|2060   |0x67FCD2DB807B4E58|
|1868   |0xD8D382BC9025B02D|
|1737   |0xEC46B8A749DB209F|
|1604   |0xB992A47FF58D1555|
|1493   |0xFDE08BF17742D2F5|
|1365   |0x70C84F4C9DFC927F|
|1290   |0xD1DA2178DF479B5F|
|1180   |0xA5C2C03A805E0938|
|1103   |0x87279E8EBAF5ABE6|
|1011   |0xE89194C1958B8549|
|944    |0x4A81B91A22B1799B|
|877    |0x1DD12BA3781E71F9|
|791    |0x7CCA5818AA15809B|
|757    |0x4F089E05E7C94CBE|
|678    |0x3EDA29AD2A8C772B|
|617    |0x34CD440A2CF6BE35|
|573    |0x28DEE46190AC5C47|
|505    |0x925AE10C4D8FD477|
|463    |0x5A62ACF1A0701002|
|393    |0x36E9741610A5939C|
|372    |0xD0FCB63A247D253E|
|350    |0x79BF6C1D53D948FF|
|323    |0x05983472F0494E60|
|joaat  |0xBBC35B03        |