# GRAPHICS::START_PARTICLE_FX_NON_LOOPED_AT_COORD

## Summary
Trigger a set piece (non looped) particle effect at a world position and orientation

## Parameters
* **STRING** fxName: The name of the particle effect to be triggered VECTOR position - the world position to play the particle effect at VECTOR rotation - the offset rotation of the particle effect
* **FLOAT** vecPositionX
* **FLOAT** vecPositionY
* **FLOAT** vecPositionZ
* **FLOAT** vecRotationX
* **FLOAT** vecRotationY
* **FLOAT** vecRotationZ
* **FLOAT** scale = 1: Size scale of the effect (default size = 1.0) BOOL - whether or not the particle effect has been created ok
* **BOOL** invertAxisX = false
* **BOOL** invertAxisY = false
* **BOOL** invertAxisZ = false

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Triggers a named particle effect at a world position.
This should only be used with non-looped particle effects.
The particle effect will then play and tidy itself up when finished.
There is no access to the particle effect once it has been triggered.

GRAPHICS::START_PARTICLE_FX_NON_LOOPED_AT_COORD("scr_paleto_roof_impact", -140.8576f, 6420.789f, 41.1391f, 0f, 0f, 267.3957f, 0x3F800000, 0, 0, 0);

Axis - Invert Axis Flags

Full list of particle effect dictionaries and effects by DurtyFree: https://github.com/DurtyFree/gta-v-data-dumps/blob/master/particleEffectsCompact.json


-------------------------------------------------------------------
C#

Function.Call<int>(Hash.START_PARTICLE_FX_NON_LOOPED_AT_COORD, = you are calling this function.

char *effectname = This is an in-game effect name, for e.g. "scr_fbi4_trucks_crash" is used to give the effects when truck crashes etc

float x, y, z pos = this one is Simple, you just have to declare, where do you want this effect to take place at, so declare the ordinates

float xrot, yrot, zrot = Again simple? just mention the value in case if you want the effect to rotate.

float scale = is declare the scale of the effect, this may vary as per the effects for e.g 1.0f

bool xaxis, yaxis, zaxis = To bool the axis values.

example:
Function.Call<int>(Hash.START_PARTICLE_FX_NON_LOOPED_AT_COORD, "scr_fbi4_trucks_crash", GTA.Game.Player.Character.Position.X, GTA.Game.Player.Character.Position.Y, GTA.Game.Player.Character.Position.Z + 4f, 0, 0, 0, 5.5f, 0, 0, 0);

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2845   |0xE56FEB6B12B5A32C|
|2824   |0xE56FEB6B12B5A32C|
|2802   |0xD92853EAFD01959B|
|2699   |0xBC6A97BAEBCD5CD9|
|2612   |0xBC6A97BAEBCD5CD9|
|2545   |0xBC6A97BAEBCD5CD9|
|2372   |0xE832E9D52B06C404|
|2189   |0x02280E55667C5CE3|
|2060   |0xBA3209FB359D3EA4|
|1868   |0x2A340E5B0AF591B5|
|1737   |0xCE6951DBE6A6A68E|
|1604   |0x882807816FB26635|
|1493   |0x208F2F61FC7619E8|
|1365   |0xFC479C6A17ACE5E7|
|1290   |0x4F5059FC7C764C51|
|1180   |0x5DA61AA50F73E79F|
|1103   |0x0C757274C4CEE111|
|1011   |0x289A9D382EC2E2FA|
|944    |0xD30C0F54ADAE12F2|
|877    |0x5A125A4D9259F396|
|791    |0x956F1D9F15D461E8|
|757    |0x98BE69849534C197|
|678    |0x9D2C7831992D8E95|
|617    |0x4E10817378A112EA|
|573    |0x1C3A5A67FC2034C2|
|505    |0x5507A18216809420|
|463    |0x4720F39821315B78|
|393    |0x8171A961AED57EA0|
|372    |0x2E80BF72EF7C87AC|
|350    |0x6F50EB359FDCCDEF|
|323    |0x25129531F77B9ED3|
|joaat  |0xDD79D679        |