# TASK::TASK_DRIVE_BY

## Summary
Tells a ped to driveby a coord, ped or vehicle

## Parameters
* **PED_INDEX** pedIndex
* **PED_INDEX** otherPedIndex
* **VEHICLE_INDEX** targetVehicleIndex
* **FLOAT** coorsX
* **FLOAT** coorsY
* **FLOAT** coorsZ
* **FLOAT** abortRange: Float is the distance in metres from the target at which the task will be aborted.
* **INT** frequencyPercentage: Should be between 0 (never shoot) and 100 (fire as fast as possible).
* **BOOL** pushUnderneathDrivingTaskIfDriving = false:
If this is set it will allow the ped to continue driving whilst shooting.
instead of interupting the driving task it will sit along side it.
CLEAR_DRIVEBY_TASK_UNDERNEATH_DRIVING_TASK can be used to remove it
* **FIRING_PATTERN_HASH** firingPatternHash = -753768974: Allows you to set the firing pattern from a list: FIRING_PATTERN_HASH

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Example:

TASK::TASK_DRIVE_BY(l_467[1/*22*/], PLAYER::PLAYER_PED_ID(), 0, 0.0, 0.0, 2.0, 300.0, 100, 0, ${firing_pattern_burst_fire_driveby});




Needs working example. Doesn't seem to do anything.

I marked p2 as targetVehicle as all these shooting related tasks seem to have that in common.
I marked p6 as distanceToShoot as if you think of GTA's Logic with the native SET_VEHICLE_SHOOT natives, it won't shoot till it gets within a certain distance of the target.
I marked p7 as pedAccuracy as it seems it's mostly 100 (Completely Accurate), 75, 90, etc. Although this could be the ammo count within the gun, but I highly doubt it. I will change this comment once I find out if it's ammo count or not.