# MISC::CREATE_INCIDENT

## Parameters
* **DISPATCH_TYPE** dispatchType
* **FLOAT** locationX
* **FLOAT** locationY
* **FLOAT** locationZ
* **INT** numUnits:
Is the number of units to be dispatched, - in the case of Police automobile this is the number of peds rather than vehiles, e.g.
4 is 2 cars of 2
* **FLOAT** time: If this is > 0.0 the incident will be removed after that time, otherwise it lasts indefinately
* **INCIDENT_INDEX\*** incident
* **INT** overrideRelGroupHash = 0: Will set this relationship group on every ped created as part of this incident dispatch (only works on DT_BikerBackup at present)
* **ASSASSIN_LEVEL** assassinsLevel = 0:
Denotes which level backup will be created.
Peds have different stats in each level.
- returns true if succesful

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Creates an incident and returns an index, requests a set number of units

As for the 'police' incident, it will call police cars to you, but unlike PedsInCavalcades & Merryweather they won't start shooting at you unless you shoot first or shoot at them. The top 2 however seem to cancel theirselves if there is noone dead around you or a fire. I only figured them out as I found out the 3rd param is definately the amountOfPeople and they called incident 3 in scripts with 4 people (which the firetruck has) and incident 5 with 2 people (which the ambulence has). The 4 param I cant say is radius, but for the pedsInCavalcades and Merryweather R* uses 0.0f and for the top 3 (Emergency Services) they use 3.0f.

Side Note: It seems calling the pedsInCavalcades or Merryweather then removing it seems to break you from calling the EmergencyEvents and I also believe pedsInCavalcades. (The V cavalcades of course not IV).

Side Note 2: I say it breaks as if you call this proper,
if(CREATE_INCIDENT) etc it will return false if you do as I said above.
=====================================================

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|3028   |0x70DA4F87B396F9F9|
|2944   |0x70DA4F87B396F9F9|
|2845   |0x70DA4F87B396F9F9|
|2824   |0x70DA4F87B396F9F9|
|2802   |0x643DAC9F67A0916D|
|2699   |0x302D843E3C8F40E2|
|2612   |0x302D843E3C8F40E2|
|2545   |0x302D843E3C8F40E2|
|2372   |0x966FF0999887A469|
|2189   |0x74F9877F714E4BC1|
|2060   |0x58C79C59A23B279F|
|1868   |0xC65E180790BE1364|
|1737   |0x3A59853E7DA8A5D8|
|1604   |0x4E27F73A7FFC8871|
|1493   |0x9EDABB1E7725D7A0|
|1365   |0x23AE8F1DF396E41E|
|1290   |0xE5AF0A904F86D5A5|
|1180   |0x41903E1CBC944F5A|
|1103   |0xD96A9D502D6FEDEE|
|1011   |0xCA99D3B8479D90EC|
|944    |0x6572B9C3A86AD387|
|877    |0xDED5585784EEE584|
|791    |0xBD96FB226D1E195C|
|757    |0xC34B6652876361F6|
|678    |0x864B477954CEA834|
|617    |0x20342DAD3B8CAD0A|
|573    |0xB966431F1A283F6B|
|505    |0x6C8BADD51F67DB43|
|463    |0xE37B6C5305D21FE9|
|393    |0x337F03347617CE73|
|372    |0x0946D58F0AC21163|
|350    |0xCFC0C6BFDE352A2C|
|323    |0x3F892CAF67444AE7|
|joaat  |0xFC5FF7B3        |