# HUD::END_TEXT_COMMAND_THEFEED_POST_MESSAGETEXT_WITH_CREW_TAG_AND_ADDITIONAL_ICON

## Summary
Modified TITLE_UPDATE COMMAND  Does everything END_TEXT_COMMAND_THEFEED_POST_MESSAGETEXT_WITH_CREW_TAG can do, but with an additional icon!

## Parameters
* **STRING** tXD
* **STRING** imageName
* **BOOL** isImportant
* **FEED_TEXT_ICON** icon
* **STRING** characterName
* **STRING** subtitle = null
* **FLOAT** timeMultiplier = 1
* **STRING** crewTagPacked = null
* **FEED_TEXT_ICON** icon2 = 0
* **INT** hudColor = 1

## Returns
* **INT**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
This function can show pictures of every texture that can be requested by REQUEST_STREAMED_TEXTURE_DICT.

List of picNames:  https://pastebin.com/XdpJVbHz

flash is a bool for fading in.
iconTypes:
1 : Chat Box
2 : Email
3 : Add Friend Request
4 : Nothing
5 : Nothing
6 : Nothing
7 : Right Jumping Arrow
8 : RP Icon
9 : $ Icon

"sender" is the very top header. This can be any old string.
"subject" is the header under the sender.
"duration" is a multiplier, so 1.0 is normal, 2.0 is twice as long (very slow), and 0.5 is half as long.
"clanTag" shows a crew tag in the "sender" header, after the text. You need to use 3 underscores as padding. Maximum length of this field seems to be 7. (e.g. "MK" becomes "___MK", "ACE" becomes "___ACE", etc.)
iconType2 is a mirror of iconType. It shows in the "subject" line, right under the original iconType.


int IconNotification(char *text, char *text2, char *Subject)
{
    BEGIN_TEXT_COMMAND_THEFEED_POST("STRING");
 ADD_TEXT_COMPONENT_SUBSTRING_PLAYER_NAME(text);
   _SET_NOTIFICATION_MESSAGE_CLAN_TAG_2("CHAR_SOCIAL_CLUB", "CHAR_SOCIAL_CLUB", 1, 7, text2, Subject, 1.0f, "__EXAMPLE", 7);
   return END_TEXT_COMMAND_THEFEED_POST_TICKER(1, 1);
}