# HUD::END_TEXT_COMMAND_THEFEED_POST_MESSAGETEXT_WITH_CREW_TAG

## Summary
Modified TITLE_UPDATE COMMAND  Displays the text message contact image and localised text message string in the top left of the HUD

## Parameters
* **STRING** tXD: The Texture Dictionary for the contact image used in the Text Message
* **STRING** imageName: The Image name string for the contact image used in the Text Message
* **BOOL** isImportant: TRUE: Flash the message.
* **FEED_TEXT_ICON** icon:
Icon type.
Default: TEXT_ICON_BLANK
* **STRING** characterName: The Character's Name.
* **STRING** subtitle = null: Optional Subtitle to display below title
* **FLOAT** timeMultiplier = 1: Multiplicative modifier to the standard display time of a feed item (2.0f will double the amount of time this feed item is shown on screen)
* **STRING** crewTagPacked = null: Packed crew tag string to show for game invites from crew members

## Returns
* **INT**: A unique id which can be used to manipulate the item while on screen.

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
This function can show pictures of every texture that can be requested by REQUEST_STREAMED_TEXTURE_DICT.

List of picNames https://pastebin.com/XdpJVbHz

flash is a bool for fading in.
iconTypes:
1 : Chat Box
2 : Email
3 : Add Friend Request
4 : Nothing
5 : Nothing
6 : Nothing
7 : Right Jumping Arrow
8 : RP Icon
9 : $ Icon

"sender" is the very top header. This can be any old string.
"subject" is the header under the sender.
"duration" is a multiplier, so 1.0 is normal, 2.0 is twice as long (very slow), and 0.5 is half as long.
"clanTag" shows a crew tag in the "sender" header, after the text. You need to use 3 underscores as padding. Maximum length of this field seems to be 7. (e.g. "MK" becomes "___MK", "ACE" becomes "___ACE", etc.)

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2802   |0x737098021FF53EA1|
|2699   |0xE29F3DFF64C18DAE|
|2612   |0xE29F3DFF64C18DAE|
|2545   |0xE29F3DFF64C18DAE|
|2372   |0xA14789297F71F875|
|2189   |0x481F7BE3CFFEFD58|
|2060   |0xBEA5B90DBA9F05C6|
|1868   |0x693243B19DEE7548|
|1737   |0x4FC15454294F5F26|
|1604   |0xC019D4D93C6587DD|
|1493   |0x9FF71BD034C6427A|
|1365   |0x622F9EFD1487CF4A|
|1290   |0xED36E23B3EC17B4B|
|1180   |0x23D5FB33B0C9946D|
|1103   |0xF039909C9FB76CB0|
|1011   |0x78BC2A9EA316AD75|
|944    |0x3747A35ACC3F6610|
|877    |0x502E0FCB458D60CD|
|791    |0x863FA146A7947C6E|
|757    |0xCC21F19977CAD211|
|678    |0x677D772248931C1C|
|617    |0x60310E1BA1B026DC|
|573    |0x3C436E489382581C|
|505    |0x218D999D1B9CB343|
|463    |0xC06078A4E0395A65|
|393    |0x80CF87671C978BC8|
|372    |0xBE04D632FC0B255B|
|350    |0x22D0B3D34BF20D61|
|323    |0x5CBF7BADE20DB93E|
|joaat  |0x3E807FE3        |