# OBJECT::CREATE_AMBIENT_PICKUP

## Parameters
* **PICKUP_TYPE** type
* **FLOAT** newCoorsX
* **FLOAT** newCoorsY
* **FLOAT** newCoorsZ
* **INT** placementFlags = 0
* **INT** amount = -1: A variable amount that can be specified for some pickups (eg money)
* **MODEL_NAMES** customModel = 0: If set this model will be used for the pickup instead of the default one
* **BOOL** createAsScriptObject = false: If true, the pickup will be treated as a script object and persist until the script terminates, or it is marked as no longer needed.
* **BOOL** scriptHostObject = true:
Only used if bCreateAsScriptObject is set to true.
If true, this object has been created by the host portion of a network script and is vital to that script - it must always exist regardless of who is hosting the script.
If false, the object has been created by the client portion of a network script and can be removed when the client who created it leaves the script session.
bNetwork				If true, the pickup will be synced across the network.
If false, it won't appear on other machines

## Returns
* **OBJECT_INDEX**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Creates a pickup similar to those dropped by dead peds. These types of pickups are part of the ambient population and will get removed
if the player moves too far away from them. They cannot be referenced by the script and will remain if the script terminates.  UNLESS bCreateAsScriptObject is set!

Full list of pickup types by DurtyFree: https://github.com/DurtyFree/gta-v-data-dumps/blob/master/pickupTypes.json