# ENTITY::ATTACH_ENTITY_TO_ENTITY

## Summary
Attaches an entity to another entity with a non physical attachement.

## Parameters
* **ENTITY_INDEX** firstEntityIndex
* **ENTITY_INDEX** secondEntityIndex
* **INT** secondEntityBoneIndex:
Use 0 for the skeleton root or -1 for entity matrix.
Can attach to any bone on the parent - eg attach to ped's hand, attach to car's door vecOffset - is from the root of the bone you're attaching to (the entity's position if bone=0) vecRotation - is used to build a rotation matrix, relative to the bone you're attaching too (the entity itself if bone=0)
* **FLOAT** vecOffsetX
* **FLOAT** vecOffsetY
* **FLOAT** vecOffsetZ
* **FLOAT** vecRotationX
* **FLOAT** vecRotationY
* **FLOAT** vecRotationZ
* **BOOL** detachWhenDead = false: Detaches the ped when he dies (this is only used by peds)
* **BOOL** detachWhenRagdoll = false: Detaches the ped when he ragdolls (this is only used by peds)
* **BOOL** activeCollisions = false: Leave the collisions activated on the attached object
* **BOOL** useBasicAttachIfPed = false: This forces a path, even for peds, that will use all three rotation components EG: To Get A Bone Index from a bonetag: GET_PED_BONE_INDEX(PLAYER_PED_ID(), BONETAG_L_HAND)
* **EULER_ROT_ORDER** rotOrder = 2
* **BOOL** attachOffsetIsRelative = true
* **BOOL** markAsNoLongerNeededWhenDetached = false

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
None physical attachment - collision is turned off for entity.

Attaches entity1 to bone (boneIndex) of entity2.

boneIndex - this is different to boneID, use GET_PED_BONE_INDEX to get the index from the ID. use the index for attaching to specific bones. entity1 will be attached to entity2's centre if bone index given doesn't correspond to bone indexes for that entity type.

useSoftPinning - if set to false attached entity will not detach when fixed
collision - controls collision between the two entities (FALSE disables collision).
isPed - pitch doesnt work when false and roll will only work on negative numbers (only peds)
vertexIndex - position of vertex
fixedRot - if false it ignores entity vector 
