# OBJECT::ADD_DOOR_TO_SYSTEM

## Summary
Add script defined door to native door system

## Parameters
* **INT** doorEnumHash
* **MODEL_NAMES** objectModelHashKey
* **FLOAT** vecPosX
* **FLOAT** vecPosY
* **FLOAT** vecPosZ
* **BOOL** useOldOverrides = true
* **BOOL** network = true
* **BOOL** permanent = false:
If this is set, the door will not be hooked up with the script and cleaned up when the script terminates.
This should only be set to true in special circumstances, it is generally used when entering MP to lock a load of doors permanently during MP.
The door system is flushed going back to SP so the doors will be cleaned up then.

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
doorHash has to be unique. scriptDoor false; relies upon getNetworkGameScriptHandler. isLocal On true disables the creation CRequestDoorEvent's in DOOR_SYSTEM_SET_DOOR_STATE.
p5 only set to true in single player native scripts.
If scriptDoor is true, register the door on the script handler host (note: there's a hardcap on the number of script IDs that can be added to the system at a given time). If scriptDoor and isLocal are both false, the door is considered to be in a "Persists w/o netobj" state.

door hashes normally look like PROP_[int]_DOOR_[int] for interior doors and PROP_BUILDING_[int]_DOOR_[int] exterior doors but you can just make up your own hash if you want
All doors need to be registered with ADD_DOOR_TO_SYSTEM before they can be manipulated with the door natives and the easiest way to get door models is just find the door in codewalker.

Example: AddDoorToSystem("PROP_43_DOOR_0", "hei_v_ilev_fh_heistdoor2", -1456.818, -520.5037, 69.67043, 0, 0, 0)

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2824   |0xB80B2E08713B8BC6|
|2802   |0xC6DABC9B8ADA3309|
|2699   |0x5DD86AC785D8E188|
|2612   |0x5DD86AC785D8E188|
|2545   |0x5DD86AC785D8E188|
|2372   |0x94F284E4B5633B45|
|2189   |0x6ADE529A7C2BA641|
|2060   |0x8010B3127F058F0F|
|1868   |0xD074E6BB58258538|
|1737   |0x1D8D48272A2B8F0F|
|1604   |0xBF496E097D7AEFF7|
|1493   |0x0DE091F0061B5F19|
|1365   |0x050E4C90F7375618|
|1290   |0x3CE3FC30701CFDBF|
|1180   |0xC17DE5E1919298F5|
|1103   |0x6CFC15152A569502|
|1011   |0x49FD1922C9046077|
|944    |0xF8742195E3C3FAF3|
|877    |0x2B4DFB0E79980B43|
|791    |0x19159DE69BA38661|
|757    |0x1C1AFBE2CF0A8050|
|678    |0xD4C94FD09D793556|
|617    |0x45244BF5B177AB73|
|573    |0x9053753949C172D6|
|505    |0x5DFB58C2BA8EB905|
|463    |0x5986244815F785C1|
|393    |0xE7078F25C45B89DE|
|372    |0xD9A41EE6064EB314|
|350    |0x047AAC79564A8EB7|
|323    |0x6F8838D03D1DC226|
|joaat  |0x9D2D778D        |