# CAM::GET_FOCUS_PED_ON_SCREEN

## Summary
Finds the best candidate on-screen focus/subject ped.

## Parameters
* **FLOAT** maxDistanceFromCamera = 30: The maximum valid distance from the camera to candidate peds.
* **PED_BONETAG** screenPositionTestBoneTag = 31086: If valid (not BONETAG_NULL), this specified the candidate ped bone to be tested for valid screen position.
* **FLOAT** maxScreenWidthRatioAroundCentreForTestBone = 0.8: The ratio of the screen width around the screen centre within which the specified test bone of a candidate ped must be located.
* **FLOAT** maxScreenHeightRatioAroundCentreForTestBone = 0.7: The ratio of the screen height around the screen centre within which the specified test bone of a candidate ped must be located.
* **FLOAT** minRelativeHeadingScore = 0.25: Defines the minimum scaling of a candidate ped's score that will be applied if the ped is at the far left or far right of the screen (at the maximum camera-relative heading.)
* **FLOAT** maxScreenCentreScoreBoost = 8: The maximum factor by which to boost a candidate ped's score when they are roughly centred on the screen.
* **FLOAT** maxScreenRatioAroundCentreForScoreBoost = 0.333: The ratio of the screen width located around the screen centre to apply the screenCentreScoreBoost.
* **PED_BONETAG** losTestBoneTag1 = 31086: /losTestBoneTag2: If valid (not BONETAG_NULL), a line of sight probe is tested between the camera and the specified bone of the candidate peds.
* **PED_BONETAG** losTestBoneTag2 = 24818

## Returns
* **PED_INDEX**