# TASK::TASK_PLAY_PHONE_GESTURE_ANIMATION

## Parameters
* **PED_INDEX** pedIndex
* **STRING** animDictName
* **STRING** animName
* **STRING** filterName
* **FLOAT** taskBlendInDuration = 0.125: The time over which the task will blend in (in seconds)
* **FLOAT** taskBlendOutDuration = 0.125: The time over which the task will blend out (in seconds)
* **BOOL** isLooping = false: Specifies whether to loop animation or not
* **BOOL** holdLastFrame = false:
If true, holds final position of animation, else returns to starting position.
Call TASK_STOP_PHONE_GESTURE_ANIMATION to return to original position if true.

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Plays a gesture animation whilst using phone

Example from the scripts:
TASK::TASK_PLAY_PHONE_GESTURE_ANIMATION(PLAYER::PLAYER_PED_ID(), v_3, v_2, v_4, 0.25, 0.25, 0, 0);

=========================================================
^^ No offense, but Idk how that would really help anyone.

As for the animDict & animation, they're both store in a global in all 5 scripts. So if anyone would be so kind as to read that global and comment what strings they use. Thanks.

Known boneMaskTypes'
"BONEMASK_HEADONLY"
"BONEMASK_HEAD_NECK_AND_ARMS"
"BONEMASK_HEAD_NECK_AND_L_ARM"
"BONEMASK_HEAD_NECK_AND_R_ARM"

p4 known args - 0.0f, 0.5f, 0.25f
p5 known args - 0.0f, 0.25f
p6 known args - 1 if a global if check is passed.
p7 known args - 1 if a global if check is passed.

The values found above, I found within the 5 scripts this is ever called in. (fmmc_launcher, fm_deathmatch_controller, fm_impromptu_dm_controller, fm_mission_controller, and freemode).
=========================================================

Full list of animation dictionaries and anims by DurtyFree: https://github.com/DurtyFree/gta-v-data-dumps/blob/master/animDictsCompact.json