# PED::SET_PED_HEAD_BLEND_DATA

## Summary
Sets all drawables and textures needed to create a blended multiplayer ped head

## Parameters
* **PED_INDEX** ped: Index - index of ped to apply the head to
* **INT** head0: Index of head of first parent (same as you would set with a component variation)
* **INT** head1: Index of head of second parent
* **INT** head2: Index of head used for minor genetic variation
* **INT** tex0: Index of texture used for first parent (same as you would set with a component variation)
* **INT** tex1: Index of texture used for second parent
* **INT** tex2: Index of texture used for genetic variation
* **FLOAT** headBlend:
The amount of blend between the two parent heads.
0.0 will be fully head0, 1.0 fully head1 and 0.5 will bea 50/50 mix between them
* **FLOAT** texBlend: Same as headBlend only for the textures
* **FLOAT** varBlend:
The amount of genetic variation applied.
0.0 is no variation and 1.0 will completely replace the parents with the third head.
very small values should be used for this.
* **BOOL** parent = false

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
The data set with this function auguments the ped variation, it does _not_ replace it and a variation will be required on the ped too.

The "shape" parameters control the shape of the ped's face. The "skin" parameters control the skin tone. ShapeMix and skinMix control how much the first and second IDs contribute,(typically mother and father.) ThirdMix overrides the others in favor of the third IDs. IsParent is set for "children" of the player character's grandparents during old-gen character creation. It has unknown effect otherwise.

The IDs start at zero and go Male Non-DLC, Female Non-DLC, Male DLC, and Female DLC.

!!!Can someone add working example for this???

try this:
       headBlendData headData;
       GET_PED_HEAD_BLEND_DATA(PLAYER_PED_ID(), &headData);

       SET_PED_HEAD_BLEND_DATA(PLAYER_PED_ID(), headData.shapeFirst, headData.shapeSecond, headData.shapeThird, headData.skinFirst, headData.skinSecond
          , headData.skinThird, headData.shapeMix, headData.skinMix, headData.skinThird, 0);


For more info please refer to this topic.
gtaforums.com/topic/858970-all-gtao-face-ids-pedset-ped-head-blend-data-explained

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|3028   |0x0A5987DCA39E8BE5|
|2944   |0x0A5987DCA39E8BE5|
|2845   |0x0A5987DCA39E8BE5|
|2824   |0x0A5987DCA39E8BE5|
|2802   |0x334EE0B36EFA252D|
|2699   |0x58AEC6E61E9195C4|
|2612   |0x58AEC6E61E9195C4|
|2545   |0x58AEC6E61E9195C4|
|2372   |0x759AC27BF6C1426E|
|2189   |0x5B5751111E879A6F|
|2060   |0x466ED20F52F36C02|
|1868   |0x21173AAB52AFD9CB|
|1737   |0x11CF5F3B4061B0C8|
|1604   |0x45815D1E96AFF8EA|
|1493   |0x5288F0B333BEF5F7|
|1365   |0x64A3137B87FA03C0|
|1290   |0xA425E77E139B19A9|
|1180   |0x0B27D1878228A901|
|1103   |0x26DF1236CEE490EE|
|1011   |0x21823138E415F2B4|
|944    |0xC5CDAC8A451A7C25|
|877    |0x7504458282E37D37|
|791    |0x19EE035BDD77A63F|
|757    |0x48B1F365C6096B72|
|678    |0x6B585FC99F218EC3|
|617    |0x897DB95D15AAE4BE|
|573    |0xF892390EA2D69431|
|505    |0x36669091808D7477|
|463    |0x4E765436346667EC|
|393    |0x563C3D3FBBD2BC9E|
|372    |0x289AE71D6DD412FC|
|350    |0x9C6AEA1AA18BD606|
|323    |0x9414E18B9434C2FE|
|joaat  |0x60746B88        |