# CAM::PLAY_CAM_ANIM

## Parameters
* **CAMERA_INDEX** cameraIndex:
The camera to be animated.
Note that this camera must have been created using the name: "DEFAULT_ANIMATED_CAMERA".
* **STRING** animName: The name of the animation to be played on the camera.
* **STRING** animDictName:
The name of the animation dictionary containing the animation to be played on the camera.
vOriginPosition - The position of the origin in world coordinates to playback the anim from.
Any local scene origin/offset specified in the animation clip will be applied in addition to this.
vOriginRotation - The rotation of the origin in degrees (<< pitch, roll, heading >>) to playback the anim from.
Any local scene origin/offset specified in the animation clip will be applied in addition to this.
* **FLOAT** originPositionX
* **FLOAT** originPositionY
* **FLOAT** originPositionZ
* **FLOAT** originRotationX
* **FLOAT** originRotationY
* **FLOAT** originRotationZ
* **CAM_ANIMATION_FLAGS** animFlags = 0: The animation flags to be used for playback.
* **EULER_ROT_ORDER** rotOrder = 2:
The rotation order to be used when composing a matrix from the Euler angles specified in vOriginRotation.
Defaults to YXZ order.

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Play a camera animation on the specified camera. Note that the animation must already be loaded prior to calling this command.

Atleast one time in a script for the zRot Rockstar uses GET_ENTITY_HEADING to help fill the parameter.

p9 is unknown at this time.
p10 throughout all the X360 Scripts is always 2.

Full list of animation dictionaries and anims by DurtyFree: https://github.com/DurtyFree/gta-v-data-dumps/blob/master/animDictsCompact.json