# PED::SET_PED_TO_RAGDOLL

## Summary
Sets a ped into a rag doll state

## Parameters
* **PED_INDEX** pedIndex
* **INT** minTime: And MaxTime sets the boundary times that the ped will ragdoll for.
* **INT** maxTime
* **START_RAGDOLL_TASK** startTask
* **BOOL** abortIfInjured = true
* **BOOL** abortIfDead = true
* **BOOL** forceScriptControl = false: If you require to control a ped's ragdoll even though they may take additional damage This both stops the ped from becoming injured and lowers the magnitude of any bullet impact forces.

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
A ped will only switch to a ragdoll if it's onscreen and within range of the player.

p4/p5: Unused in TU27
Ragdoll Types:
**0**: CTaskNMRelax
**1**: CTaskNMScriptControl: Hardcoded not to work in networked environments.
**Else**: CTaskNMBalance
time1- Time(ms) Ped is in ragdoll mode; only applies to ragdoll types 0 and not 1.

time2- Unknown time, in milliseconds

ragdollType-
0 : Normal ragdoll
1 : Falls with stiff legs/body
2 : Narrow leg stumble(may not fall)
3 : Wide leg stumble(may not fall)

p4, p5, p6- No idea. In R*'s scripts they are usually either "true, true, false" or "false, false, false".




EDIT 3/11/16: unclear what 'mircoseconds' mean-- a microsecond is 1000x a ms, so time2 must be 1000x time1?  more testing needed.  -sob

Edit Mar 21, 2017: removed part about time2 being the microseconds version of time1. this just isn't correct. time2 is in milliseconds, and time1 and time2 don't seem to be connected in any way.