# ENTITY::ATTACH_ENTITY_TO_ENTITY_PHYSICALLY

## Summary
Attaches an entity to another entity using a physical attachment

## Parameters
* **ENTITY_INDEX** firstEntity:
BoneIndex - refers to the bone on the first entity which is being attached.
Offset - the offset from the root of the bone on the the second entity.
It gets a bit tricky to work out the offsets here, but you may want to have an object hanging from it's end rather than from it's centre point so you need the offset on the object.
vecRotation - is used to build a rotation matrix, relative to the bone you're attaching too (the entity itself if bone=0)
* **ENTITY_INDEX** secondEntity:
BoneIndex - refers to the bone on the second entity that you're attaching the first entity to.
This lets us attach for example, a ped's hand (ragdoll) to a car door.
Some objects are fragment objects, and have a skeleton with multiple pieces that break apart, and this may be useful for them.
Note: Is is not a mistake currently that the second offset comes before the first.
Offset - the offset from the root of the bone on the the first entity.
* **INT** firstEntityBone
* **INT** secondEntityBone
* **FLOAT** secondEntityOffsetX
* **FLOAT** secondEntityOffsetY
* **FLOAT** secondEntityOffsetZ
* **FLOAT** firstEntityOffsetX
* **FLOAT** firstEntityOffsetY
* **FLOAT** firstEntityOffsetZ
* **FLOAT** vecRotationX
* **FLOAT** vecRotationY
* **FLOAT** vecRotationZ
* **FLOAT** physicalStrength
* **BOOL** constrainRotation:
Specifies whether you wish to constrain rotation as well as position.
In most cases the answer will be Yes.
Unless you want to have a hanging/swinging thing.
* **BOOL** doInitialWarp = true:
NOT USED FOR PEDS specifies whether to warp the object to the specified attach point.
If not, then the initial seperation will be used as an allowed give in the attachment (e.g.
a rope length)
* **BOOL** collideWithEntity = false: ONLY USED FOR PEDS of set the two entities will collide with each other once attached
* **BOOL** addInitialSeperation = true
* **EULER_ROT_ORDER** rotOrder = 2

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Physical attachment using rage constraints - entities are still physically active in the world.

breakForce is the amount of force required to break the bond.
p14 - is always 1 in scripts
p15 - is 1 or 0 in scripts - unknoun what it does
p16 - controls collision between the two entities (FALSE disables collision).
p17 - do not teleport entity to be attached to the position of the bone Index of the target entity (if 1, entity will not be teleported to target bone)
p18 - is always 2 in scripts.

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2802   |0x8154C1240D901D84|
|2699   |0xD1DFCB46F41425EB|
|2612   |0xD1DFCB46F41425EB|
|2545   |0xD1DFCB46F41425EB|
|2372   |0xD34101938B49ECBC|
|2189   |0xF1BC64235C2C7B54|
|2060   |0x6E98E642DF854766|
|1868   |0x4B8186A305034299|
|1737   |0x2A51383F28E775CA|
|1604   |0xA7FAAE4033B9012F|
|1493   |0xB2B9C9EBD478732C|
|1365   |0xB3045CBF50BD287E|
|1290   |0x152A9E9BEEE4C158|
|1180   |0xD1EDD3FCCFFD439F|
|1103   |0xF01E2CA1EE1972CA|
|1011   |0x5B804E38147E1CF0|
|944    |0xD2A4DA9AA58807E4|
|877    |0xA9E62FA09A9005F3|
|791    |0xABB092A719706987|
|757    |0x6E54BBC6FA4E6693|
|678    |0x93A47C485CF629BA|
|617    |0x8F2B6AD026AE40D1|
|573    |0x5988BA5263C78460|
|505    |0x859F89B99D3856AB|
|463    |0xCFAFEDA11376404F|
|393    |0xBEEB3046745B0418|
|372    |0xB629A43CA1643481|
|350    |0x4F805549F5B07893|
|323    |0xC3675780C92F90F9|
|joaat  |0x0547417F        |