# ENTITY::APPLY_FORCE_TO_ENTITY

## Summary
Apply a force to an entity

## Parameters
* **ENTITY_INDEX** entity
* **APPLY_FORCE_TYPE** applyType
* **FLOAT** forceX
* **FLOAT** forceY
* **FLOAT** forceZ
* **FLOAT** offsetX
* **FLOAT** offsetY
* **FLOAT** offsetZ
* **INT** component:
Component of the entity to apply the force too - only matters for breakable or articulated (ragdoll) physics.
0 means the root or parent component.
I'll add an enum list for the components of a ragdoll, but for other entities such as fragment objects you'll need to check with CJ or me to find out which component you want to apply a force to if you want to, for example, break off the leg of a chair.
WARNING: if the command is being called on a ped, the component passed in is one returned from GET_PED_RAGDOLL_BONE_INDEX, not GET_PED_BONE_INDEX
* **BOOL** localForce:
Specifies whether the force vector passed in is in local or world coordinates.
Local coordinates (TRUE) means the force will get automatically transformed into world space before being applied.
* **BOOL** localOffset: Specifies whether the offset passed in is in local or world coordinates.
* **BOOL** scaleByMass:
Specifies whether to scale the force by mass.
TRUE force will be multiplied by mass, ie Force passed in is in fact an acceleration rate in m/s*s (force) or velocity change in m/s(impulse) FALSE force will be applied directly and it's effect will depend on the mass of the object, ie Force passed in is a proper force in Newtons (force) or a step change in momentum kg*m/s (impulse) In other words, scaling by mass is probably easier in most situations - if the mass of the object changes it's behaviour shouldn't, and it's easier to picture the effect because an acceleration rate of 10.0
* **BOOL** triggerAudio = false:
Specifies whether to play audio events related to the force being applied.
The audio will depend on the entity type.
Currently vehicles are the only entity types supported, and will play a suspension squeal depending on the magnitude of the force
* **BOOL** scaleByTimeWarp = true

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Documented here:
gtaforums.com/topic/885669-precisely-define-object-physics/
gtaforums.com/topic/887362-apply-forces-and-momentums-to-entityobject/

forceFlags:
First bit (lowest): Strong force flag, factor 100
Second bit: Unkown flag
Third bit: Momentum flag=1 (vector (x,y,z) is a momentum, more research needed)
If higher bits are unequal 0 the function doesn't applay any forces at all.
(As integer possible values are 0-7)

0: weak force
1: strong force
2: same as 0 (2nd bit?)
3: same as 1
4: weak momentum
5: strong momentum
6: same as 4
7: same as 5

isLocal: vector defined in local (body-fixed) coordinate frame
isMassRel: if true the force gets multiplied with the objects mass (this is why it was known as highForce) and different objects will have the same acceleration.

p8 !!! Whenever I set this !=0, my script stopped.

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|3095   |0xE592D924D5438108|
|3028   |0xE592D924D5438108|
|2944   |0xE592D924D5438108|
|2845   |0xE592D924D5438108|
|2824   |0xE592D924D5438108|
|2802   |0x9E1A4BBC2E70DCFB|
|2699   |0x3F6DE6DBA9A99FEA|
|2612   |0x3F6DE6DBA9A99FEA|
|2545   |0x3F6DE6DBA9A99FEA|
|2372   |0xBC5268D1B5C5B73B|
|2189   |0x8B77B020136E915A|
|2060   |0xDFC6BA855748EB10|
|1868   |0x0977D05D452C9828|
|1737   |0x0848C95091F9ECB9|
|1604   |0xFAE5E5AC968944E8|
|1493   |0x5EBD7EB63AD5FB1D|
|1365   |0xB8D9F55BA414128D|
|1290   |0x4B75B258E14231A7|
|1180   |0xF6527BEBDCAF220D|
|1103   |0x748D711A16EB2994|
|1011   |0x5C9883713FC5A923|
|944    |0x7581D609F8258B0C|
|877    |0xCEDEF78614936959|
|791    |0x5DEA7ABDE35AF820|
|757    |0xB832F99A86A0D1C2|
|678    |0x3A2304A561B7D162|
|617    |0x9F7DEFCB38719EA3|
|573    |0x4B89CEB084587C7F|
|505    |0x14A3456454DB40CE|
|463    |0x3899C3FF414D2D90|
|393    |0xDFA7F2CAB9E5A4D4|
|372    |0xF15E8F5D333F09C4|
|350    |0x5784591F4D03884C|
|323    |0xC5F68BE9613E2D18|
|joaat  |0xC1C0855A        |