# TASK::TASK_VEHICLE_DRIVE_TO_COORD

## Summary
Gives a task to drive a vehicle to a coord

## Parameters
* **PED_INDEX** ped: Tries and fails to get in a car then:
* **VEHICLE_INDEX** vehicle:
Index: if you want the ped to use a specific vehicle then specify the VehicleIndex.
Otherwise set VehicleIndex to NULL.
is specified and the ped is in the vehicle the ped will just drive to the point.
is specified and the ped isn't in the vehicle then the ped will attempt to get in the vehicle and drive to the point.
is specified and the ped is in another vehicle then ped will get out the car and attempt to get in the correct car and then drive to the point.
is specified then the ped will attempt to get in any nearby vehicle and drive to the point.
is specified and the ped is already in a car then the ped will drive the car to the point.
* **FLOAT** coorsX
* **FLOAT** coorsY
* **FLOAT** coorsZ
* **FLOAT** speed
* **DRIVINGSTYLE** style
* **MODEL_NAMES** carModel:
If the ped can't find the specified vehicle or any other vehicle, a vehicle (with model CarModel) will be automatically created if the ped is off-screen.
No vehicle will be created if CarModel is set to DUMMY_MODEL_FOR_SCRIPT.
(In San Andreas, passing a CarModel of 1 would use the default car model which was always in memory.
This has not been implemented in the Rage code yet.) DUMMY_MODEL_FOR_SCRIPT the ped will run to the target and get in any car it can along the route.
2.
otherwise, when the ped is off-screen the ped will create a car (with the correct model), warp in, and drive to the point.
If the ped is on-screen then the ped will run to the target and get in any car it can along the route (if the ped is near the target it will just run to the target).
Range is how close the car will get to the destination before stopping.
Default should be 4.0
* **DRIVINGMODE** mode
* **FLOAT** targetRadius
* **FLOAT** straightLineDist:
(the distance at which the ai switches to heading for the target directly instead of following the nodes) (just like in sa).
To pick default (recommended) pass in -1.
TASK_CAR_DRIVE_TO_COORD_NOT_AGAINST_TRAFFIC does exactly the same with the only difference being cars will not consider routes that go against the flow of traffic.

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
info about driving modes: https://gtaforums.com/topic/822314-guide-driving-styles/

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|3095   |0xCF6CC9EA0D2EFE23|
|3028   |0xCF6CC9EA0D2EFE23|
|2944   |0xCF6CC9EA0D2EFE23|
|2845   |0xCF6CC9EA0D2EFE23|
|2824   |0xCF6CC9EA0D2EFE23|
|2802   |0xC562419B5DA3BB96|
|2699   |0x3B8F94419979A0B1|
|2612   |0x3B8F94419979A0B1|
|2545   |0x3B8F94419979A0B1|
|2372   |0xE946751408DFA71B|
|2189   |0xDEFE57D3575A1A8A|
|2060   |0xE9362E4D600DD12A|
|1868   |0xD67C82BBC9A488A6|
|1737   |0x77C4189A8E5C57C2|
|1604   |0xE49301B2B6F420DE|
|1493   |0x509F549022512095|
|1365   |0x87A3E70B0AB01608|
|1290   |0x0F36ED260B9B4408|
|1180   |0x9EA0A7060EF3D099|
|1103   |0xED057CE9299687BC|
|1011   |0xBAEDE72EB6870B58|
|944    |0xCE8917A47B1D85F4|
|877    |0xA41BA6C0692C37D3|
|791    |0xCB0E9D592F2F88FA|
|757    |0x395AA67734CB52F2|
|678    |0xAC59C2795E065D27|
|617    |0xA0C5D1F0ABDB245E|
|573    |0x8543F365CDBCAAAD|
|505    |0x1ABA8A919187E144|
|463    |0x9909D1FE2BA25A9B|
|393    |0xC96425701AF2C9C4|
|372    |0xBB26FB233542CFFE|
|350    |0x5E44C1186E137E21|
|323    |0xE2A2AA2F659D77A7|
|joaat  |0xE4AC0387        |