# OBJECT::SET_OBJECT_PHYSICS_PARAMS

## Summary
Set physics parameters on this instance of an object

## Parameters
* **OBJECT_INDEX** object:
Mass (rotational inertia is calculated from new mass and volume) s which are likely to spin fast, e.g.
small spheres.
Default is 2*PI
* **FLOAT** mass
* **FLOAT** gravityFactor: The gravity affecting this object can be modified (default is 1.0) TranslationalDamping: x = x = constant friction (doesn't depend on speed) y = y*V = speed dependent friction (multiplied by speed) z = z*V^2 = aerodynamic drag (multiplied by speed squared) RotationalDamping x = x = constant friction (doesn't depend on speed) y = y*V = speed dependent friction (multiplied by speed) z = z*V^2 = aerodynamic drag (multiplied by speed squared)
* **FLOAT** translationalDampingX
* **FLOAT** translationalDampingY
* **FLOAT** translationalDampingZ
* **FLOAT** rotationalDampingX
* **FLOAT** rotationalDampingY
* **FLOAT** rotationalDampingZ
* **FLOAT** collisionMargin = -1:
Set to thinnist part of object.
Default is 10cm
* **FLOAT** maxAngularSpeed = -1
* **FLOAT** buoyancyFactor = -1: Allow scaling of an object's buoyancy in water.

## Notes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Any param set to -1.0 will be ignored, and will remain as defaults.
Specifying mass = -1.0 will reset the mass back to the object's default value

Adjust the physics parameters of a prop, or otherwise known as "object". This is useful for simulated gravity.

Other parameters seem to be unknown.

p2: seems to be weight and gravity related. Higher value makes the obj fall faster. Very sensitive?
p3: seems similar to p2
p4: makes obj fall slower the higher the value
p5: similar to p4

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2824   |0x2493F314750274C9|
|2802   |0xC86E66BD231706E6|
|2699   |0xCC2383C749571BD1|
|2612   |0xCC2383C749571BD1|
|2545   |0xCC2383C749571BD1|
|2372   |0x6C7C4EFD3F245591|
|2189   |0x32A67997B290488A|
|2060   |0x6662F466071F8128|
|1868   |0x04E8EF0987C19334|
|1737   |0xC8DDEBB5D6790797|
|1604   |0x3DD8DC3DEB7BD74E|
|1493   |0x2FBD8BF42E7AF9CC|
|1365   |0xD402897AA0C356FA|
|1290   |0x5D184CFB563B5E2E|
|1180   |0x7E5A1340B35AD43F|
|1103   |0xF6DF83B893D86E6B|
|1011   |0x5A88A9DD23C56CAF|
|944    |0xE057610C6D8476EA|
|877    |0xFADE0D11624C9959|
|791    |0x931F906DDD999EA7|
|757    |0x97EBC863E30F7DBB|
|678    |0xBE489D476FCCD385|
|617    |0xB2BAC32058960677|
|573    |0x94D1E7548565F807|
|505    |0xD854DB7AEEBA7DFC|
|463    |0xDFE84944979DB111|
|393    |0xB460A7611F7EF7C0|
|372    |0x91BDE8E32E8D88D6|
|350    |0x9547DA0F3BA0C9C4|
|323    |0xF6DF6E90DE7DF90F|
|joaat  |0xE8D11C58        |