# ENTITY::GET_ENTITY_BONE_INDEX_BY_NAME

## Summary
Use when you know the name of a bone and want the bone index for passing to one of the many attach commands

## Parameters
* **ENTITY_INDEX** entityIndex
* **STRING** boneName

## Returns
* **INT**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Returns the index of the bone. If the bone was not found, -1 will be returned. 

list:
https://pastebin.com/D7JMnX1g

BoneNames:
  chassis,
  windscreen,
   seat_pside_r,
 seat_dside_r,
 bodyshell,
    suspension_lm,
    suspension_lr,
    platelight,
   attach_female,
    attach_male,
  bonnet,
   boot,
 chassis_dummy,  //Center of the dummy
 chassis_Control,    //Not found yet
   door_dside_f,   //Door left, front
    door_dside_r,   //Door left, back
 door_pside_f,   //Door right, front
   door_pside_r,   //Door right, back
    Gun_GripR,
    windscreen_f,
 platelight, //Position where the light above the numberplate is located
   VFX_Emitter,
  window_lf,  //Window left, front
  window_lr,  //Window left, back
   window_rf,  //Window right, front
 window_rr,  //Window right, back
  engine, //Position of the engine
  gun_ammo,
 ROPE_ATTATCH,   //Not misspelled. In script "finale_heist2b.c4".
    wheel_lf,   //Wheel left, front
   wheel_lr,   //Wheel left, back
    wheel_rf,   //Wheel right, front
  wheel_rr,   //Wheel right, back
   exhaust,    //Exhaust. shows only the position of the stock-exhaust
   overheat,   //A position on the engine(not exactly sure, how to name it)
  misc_e, //Not a car-bone.
 seat_dside_f,   //Driver-seat
 seat_pside_f,   //Seat next to driver
 Gun_Nuzzle,
   seat_r

I doubt that the function is case-sensitive, since I found a "Chassis" and a "chassis". - Just tested: Definitely not case-sensitive.

