# PATHFIND::GET_CLOSEST_VEHICLE_NODE_WITH_HEADING

## Summary
WIill return if can the closest vehicle node with a heading, to a coord

## Parameters
* **FLOAT** coorsX
* **FLOAT** coorsY
* **FLOAT** coorsZ
* **VECTOR\*** outNearestNodeCoors
* **FLOAT\*** outHeading
* **NODE_FLAGS** nodeFlags = 1
* **FLOAT** zMeasureMult = 3:
How strongly should the difference in Z direction be weighted? 0.0 = ignored completely, 1.0 = the same as 2d distance.
Default is 3.0 since we tend to care about height differences more than 2d distance.
* **FLOAT** zTolerance = 0: How far apart to the Z coords have to be before zMeasureMult kicks in?

## Returns
* **BOOL**

## Description
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Remove this line before editing -->
Can be used to set a car facing in a reasonable direction when it is placed on the car node. The command will return FALSE if no node could be found (probably due to the nodes not being streamed in).

p5, p6 and p7 seems to be about the same as p4, p5 and p6 for GET_CLOSEST_VEHICLE_NODE. p6 and/or p7 has something to do with finding a node on the same path/road and same direction(at least for this native, something to do with the heading maybe). Edit this when you find out more.

nodeType: 0 = main roads, 1 = any dry path, 3 = water
p6 is always 3.0
p7 is always 0

gtaforums.com/topic/843561-pathfind-node-types

Example of usage, moving vehicle to closest path/road:
Vector3 coords = ENTITY::GET_ENTITY_COORDS(playerVeh, true);
Vector3 closestVehicleNodeCoords; 
float roadHeading; 
PATHFIND::GET_CLOSEST_VEHICLE_NODE_WITH_HEADING(coords.x, coords.y, coords.z, &closestVehicleNodeCoords, &roadHeading, 1, 3, 0); 
ENTITY::SET_ENTITY_HEADING(playerVeh, roadHeading);
ENTITY::SET_ENTITY_COORDS(playerVeh, closestVehicleNodeCoords.x, closestVehicleNodeCoords.y, closestVehicleNodeCoords.z, 1, 0, 0, 1);
VEHICLE::SET_VEHICLE_ON_GROUND_PROPERLY(playerVeh);

------------------------------------------------------------------
C# Example (ins1de) : https://pastebin.com/fxtMWAHD

## Hashes
<!-- AUTOGENERATED: Do not change -->
|Version|Hash              |
|-------|------------------|
|2802   |0x785F00374F827AA0|
|2699   |0x0FBEA22DBE03AC23|
|2612   |0x0FBEA22DBE03AC23|
|2545   |0x0FBEA22DBE03AC23|
|2372   |0x8A60906D0693350F|
|2189   |0xB58FB85092C26027|
|2060   |0xC55B75EFB7DDC5D6|
|1868   |0xDD450E3FD2D59C08|
|1737   |0x5A5015CF0B2DE07A|
|1604   |0xB40E9D1C648558DD|
|1493   |0x3F473AC37A85C668|
|1365   |0x86860A70B204843E|
|1290   |0x84E44FF69EA2920B|
|1180   |0xC618C1727BE63C1C|
|1103   |0x0C93FE89888F0242|
|1011   |0xE06BBF3AAAFDF18B|
|944    |0x4922BC1C77B0AAFC|
|877    |0xDB90294334B411BD|
|791    |0xFD54561D68B9D057|
|757    |0x693FFA15DC756427|
|678    |0xD41DA1B1D7A07483|
|617    |0xDE07414E6FEABA44|
|573    |0xD3B9E1270A1D5481|
|505    |0x82B37C69DDE2AC99|
|463    |0x7857140D5F527D72|
|393    |0xA87114F27CAB6FF8|
|372    |0x23CFFD4CCB243354|
|350    |0x839399EDBB568AF1|
|323    |0xFF071FB798B803B0|
|joaat  |0x8BD5759B        |